The nutritional content for chocolate strawberry cheesecake consists of 730 Calories, 57g Fat, 45g Carbs, 14g Protein.
The following is preparation information for chocolate strawberry cheesecake, prep time: 40 mins, cook time: 1 hr 20 mins, total time: 13 hrs 40 mins, additional time: 2 hrs 40 mins, servings: 12, yield: 1 cheesecake.
The ingredients for making chocolate strawberry cheesecake are chocolate wafer cookies (9 ounce), unsalted butter (5 tablespoons), granulated sugar (3 tablespoons), chopped fresh strawberries (1 cup), cream cheese (5 (8 ounce) packages), all-purpose flour (3 tablespoons), eggs (5 large), egg yolks (2 large), vanilla extract (2 teaspoons), lemon zest (1 teaspoon), freshly squeezed lemon juice (1 tablespoon), pink gel food coloring (2 drops), heavy whipping cream (1 cup), semisweet chocolate (1 (4 ounce) bar), bittersweet chocolate (1 (4 ounce) bar), whole and halved strawberries (10).
To make chocolate strawberry cheesecake, start by preheating the oven to 325 degrees F. Then, mix together chocolate wafer cookies, melted butter, and granulated sugar to make the crust. Press the mixture into a greased 9-inch springform pan. 

Next, chop fresh strawberries and set them aside. In a separate bowl, beat softened cream cheese, granulated sugar, flour, eggs, egg yolks, vanilla extract, lemon zest, lemon juice, and pink gel food coloring until smooth. Fold in the chopped strawberries. 

Pour the cheesecake batter into the prepared crust. Place the springform pan in a larger roasting pan and pour hot water into the roasting pan halfway up the sides of the cheesecake. 

Bake the cheesecake in the preheated oven for 1 hour and 10 minutes to 1 hour and 20 minutes, or until the center is almost set but still slightly wobbly. Turn off the oven and let the cheesecake stand in the closed oven for 15 minutes. 

Remove the cheesecake from the oven and run a knife around the outer edge to loosen it from the pan. Let it cool completely in the pan on a wire rack for about 2 hours. Then, cover it with aluminum foil and refrigerate for 8 to 24 hours. 

To make the chocolate ganache topping, heat heavy whipping cream in a saucepan until it simmers. Pour the hot cream over finely chopped semisweet and bittersweet chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Let it stand for 1 minute, then whisk until smooth. Let the ganache cool slightly. 

Remove the sides of the springform pan from the chilled cheesecake and place it on a serving platter. Slowly pour the ganache over the top of the cheesecake, spreading it to the edges with a spatula. Chill the cheesecake for 1 hour. 

Finally, top the cheesecake with whole and halved strawberries, as well as chocolate-dipped strawberries..