immaculate™ fancy diary wallet Flip Cover Case for samsung galaxy on5 g550fy blackIMMACULATE Mobile Cases embodY everything that you look forward in a mobile case - protection, accessibility, luxury and much more. Handcrafted with elegance and finished to perfection, This Mobile Cases gives your precious smartphone a long and luxurious life so that you enjoy a full smartphone experience. It guards not only the front and back of your smartphone from dust and dirt but also the edges of your device, to give unbeatable protection against bumps, scratches, accidental drops and everyday wear and tear. Precise cutout design, with meticulous attention to detail, makes DMG Mobile Cases fit the contours and edges of your mobile comfortably while giving easy access to camera, ports and buttons. For those who want a luxurious touch to the way they carry their mobiles, while still wanting an uncompromising care to their money or cards, IMMACULATE Mobile Covers is just the thing. COMFORT FIT: The perfectly cut out openings allow you to operate all buttons and camera without having to remove the case. It easily slides in and out of your pockets, take photos, answer calls without any trouble. Exceptional PU Leather makes it easy to grip your mobile. MEDIA STAND: This wallet case doubles up as a landscape stand for your smartphone. It offers a hands-free, horizontal media view for watching movies, videos or text.[MATERIAL: PU Leather exterior, Cross Pattern Surface Soft Grip Fabric for Cozy & Comfortable Grip. The case features a prominent and useful speaker hole which lets you answer calls without opening the cover. A magnetic latch closure strongly keeps the case cover closed.,The inner TPU Jelly softly surrounds the edges of your Smartphone and the outer Canvas PU provides Double & Superior Protection to the Device.,PRECISE CUTOUTS for Charging jack, Camera & Speakers.,STYLISH YET FUNCTIONAL DESIGN: This Stylish Cover Converts to a Media Stand with Magnetic Clasp for easy Watching Movies or Videos in Landscape Mode.(Note: The Magnet does NOT affect the Signal Reception or any other Feature of the Smartphone),ADDED FUNCTIONALITY OF A WALLET: The Wallet slots let you Conveniently hold Cash, Cards or ID's with ease. You can even carry Bills/Memo which is an added advantage.]