Pikkme Cool Golden Black Abstract Pattern Designer Printed Hard Back Covers and Cases for Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12Unique product by Pikkme Made with cutting edge sublimation printing technology, this polymer phone case by Pikkme is capable of withstanding a lot of intensive use without suffering as much as a scratch. The only phone case for mobile model Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12is intended specifically for and fits the dimensions of this phone while leaving almost no space in between. Very colorful design is making the cover visually impressive even from afar. Serious protection Despite a very thin profile and negligible weight, the case is much stronger than it looks at first sight and won’t bend or break even if you drop the phone to the ground. Technical perfection Technical quality of Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12case is off the charts, while worldwide delivery is lighting fast. Printing comes with a one-year warranty.[Protection: Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12 Cover and Case by Pikkme provide best protection to your phone; it prevents it from the damages a smartphone got from falls and drops. It got camera bump to protect it from serious damages.,Quality: Our Back Cover For Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12 is made with high quality Poly-carbonate material which provides it sturdy grip and matte finish feel. They never get YELLOW like the SOFT Silicone Case get.,Print Quality & Warranty: Mobile Cover For Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12 printed by pikkme is the best cases you can get. These cases are printed with Original Korean - Ink Sublimation Technology which makes the print never fades away. We provide life time print warranty for our Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12 cases. Our print quality is much better than the print quality of soft cases as they got faded and cracks within a month or so.,Precision: The mobile cover For Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12 by pikkme is highly precise with the cut-outs and opening for ports and buttons. They provide easy access to all your buttons and earphone jack too.,Designs & Best Gift Item: Pikkme Samsung Galaxy M12 / F12 back cover are built with cool, funky and awesome designs in mind, we cater you the coolest phone cases ever for you device and not only that you can gift these cases to your loved ones too.]