ANAITA Digital Printed Striped Western Top| Color - Blue & Multicolored Stripes, Size - Small|Stylish Tops|Western Tops for Girls|Party Tops|Tops for Girls|Double your fashion flair as you wear this top from the house of ANAITA. Made of premium quality fabric, this top is highly comfortable and a perfect pick of the season. This beautiful creation will give you a trendy look when clubbed with matching bottom and sandals.[Made by Material: Crape, Fabric has no stretch. Hand Wash Only Do Not Tumble Dry,Hang Dry (Recommend Hand Wash In Cold Water For Lasting Wear,This Casual Short Top Is Designed In Solid Color, Party, DIgital Printed. Basic Short Sleeve With Keep You Warm But Also Create A Stylish Look. Perfect Hip Length Show Your Look And Add More Playfulness To This Top. An effortless tops that can be special occasions throughout the year! This Top is ready for an elegant lunch or dinner date,The Fabric Is Great And Definitely Not Too Thin Or See-through At All. The Tie Waist Makes It Flattering For Any Figure. top for girls top for women tops for women latest design top for women stylish western gown for women latest design 2021 suits for women latest design dresses for woman kurta for women latest long frocks for women kurti with pant maxi dress women tops tops for women under 500 girls dress crop top for girls party dress for women,The Printed Is At The Waist, Which Makes This Dress Full Of Exquisiteness, And It Can Be Adjusted According To Your Waistline, Belted Dress, Pleated Dress, , Long Dress, A Line Dress.kurti with palazzo set long kurtis for women stylish tops for women jumpsuit for women western dresses for women skirts for women ladies kurti plazo suit for women stylish latest dresses women sharara set for women dress for women western tops for girls kurta set for women latest,Disclaimer :We guarantee a 100% match between the image shown and the actual product sent. However product colour may slightly vary due your monitor settings. Customer's discretion is advised but we can guarantee you will love the product! Model Height: 172cm, she wear Size S. Please refer to the last image or the size measurement below before ordering]