AONA Brass Buddha Debating Pose Statue Idol, Height : 11 inchesA beautifully crafted idol of brass. Bring it home and get the divine blessings of the Lord. It is crafted from brass with a highly polished look. Carved intricately with fine details. Be sure to fill your life with happiness and prosperity if you gift it to your loved ones or if you own one for yourself. Importance of Gautam Buddha statue at home Gautam Buddha is a symbol of enlightenment, balance and inner peace. According to the Vastu Shastra, as well as Feng Shui, statues of Gautam Buddha are auspicious and harbingers of good fortune. According to Vastu, placing Buddha statues at different places in the home can impact your psychological health and harmony. The statues of Buddha invite a positive life force when placed in the correct position at home. Forms of Buddha and their placements at home as per Vastu Gautam Buddha is ‘The Enlightened One’, and the founder of Buddhism. Feng Shui and Vastu recommend placing his statue at home to enhance spirituality and harmony. Buddha figurines add an aesthetic appeal and when placed appropriately, bring prosperity, good health and peace. The sitting Buddha is the most widely recognised portrayal. Hand gestures are fundamental in understanding what a sitting Buddha implies. Here are the most common forms of Buddha and their correct placement at home. Blessing/protection Buddha statue at home The protection or blessing Buddha statue can be either standing up or sitting down. The raised hand of Buddha is considered a protective shield that keeps negativity away and gives blessings. The other hand invites peace and overcomes fear. Vastu recommends placing this statue as a remedy for Vastu dosha. You can place a protective Buddha to face the main entrance to keep unwanted energies away and make your home radiate with positive vibes.[Material: Brass Statue,Colour : Multi,Dimensions : Height : 11 inch X Width : 8 inch X Depth : 5 inches,Weight : 4.5 kg,Care Instructions : Clean with Soft and Dry Cloth]