iPhone 7 Plus Case/Cover Slim Leather Stand Case for Apple iPhone by TORRO (iPhone 7 Plus, Tan)Color:Tan The TORRO Stand case for iPhone 7 Plus in USA Tan, Premium and Genuine Leather With subtle contrasting TORRO insignia, designed for those seeking a multi functional, high quality product to enhance, compliment and protect their iPhone 7 Plus. The case is made with Genuine, Premium, USA cowhide leather. Your phone is held in place by a soft touch moulding that grips the aluminium frame of your iPhone holding it securely in place The iPhone 7 Plus has an amazingly vivid Retina HD display. The TORRO design team have carefully ensured maximum protection whilst ensuring the full display remains totally unobscured. Cleverly positioned cut outs on the side, rear and bottom of the case ensures the camera, flash, buttons and all ports are fully accessible. The TORRO team have developed the Stand case with TV and desktop viewing in mind. This is the most generous display ever on iPhone making it perfect for TV viewing in landscape mode Additional Features All ports, buttons, camera and flash accessible 1 slot for casual storage of a business card or travel ticket, a bespoke TORRO Wallet is also available for those wanting permanent storage of payment cards and cash Hidden magnets allow closure of the stand cover without the need for any additional tabs or clasps making this one of the thinnest genuine leather cases available for iPhone Access to Charger, Headphones and Speakers all available when the case is fully closed. The TORRO team work hard to ensure only the best possible materials are used and customer service is at the heart of everything we do. Protect and enhance your iPhone 7 Plus with TORRO.[PREMIUM LEATHER - The TORRO premium leather stand case for iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone 7 Plus is handcrafted from genuine tan leather sourced from the USA, a vegetable-tanned cowhide leather. Each case is completely unique thanks to this tanning process and, over time, will develop its own individual patina for the ultimate premium look and feel.,DURABLE FRAME – Microfiber lined, silicone-based internal frame. Toughened sturdy rear plate with durable, flexible silicone sides to aid with shock absorption.,CARD SLOT – Benefits from 1 card slot and a separate compartment for notes/receipts. This case is not intended as a wallet, adding cash and cards will diminish the magnetic closure power and negate the slim profile.,STAND FUNCTION - The horizontal stand function is designed with TV and desktop viewing in mind. TORRO iPhone cases are compatible with the official TORRO Qi wireless charger, compatibility cannot be guaranteed with all 3rd party Qi chargers.,AUTHENTIC SLIM DESIGN - The hidden magnetic closure removes the need for a tab, which ensures an overall slim profile. Original and authentic TORRO product designed in the UK, specifically for the Apple iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone 7 Plus.]