Mobyro Mirror Flip Mobile Cover for Realme 5s Clear View Cover Smart Mirror Flip with Magnetic Video Kick Stand Shockproof Flip Cover for Realme 5s [Blue]This Flip Cover from Mobyro provides your smartphone's screen optimal protection against scratches and bumps. In addition, its extremely light which means it adds no extra bulk to your device. Shockproof and Excellent feel. The cover is made with a see through polycarbonate front cover with exact fitment specifications for the mobile. Ability to view the date, time,weather, message, phone call. The flip Case has a Smooth texture, Rich look with style and functionality. This Mirror Flip Cover Case is made up of Imported environmental materials.Both sides use the latest dustless matte UV painting technology, with comfortable sense of touch and elegant appearance. The rigidity is good enough not to break off easily.Open mold according to real mobile phone with precise function holes. You can handle as freely as you wished. The surface uses salient point design, wear-resistant, anti-skidding, dust-proof, anti-fingerprint and easy to clean.[[Suitable]: This full-body protective mirror flip cover only Designed for Realme 5s, The bumper case perfect as a gift for your family, friends, and lover on her birthday or holiday.,[Durable Kickstand]: Mirror Flip, Stand PU cover with Stable kickstand lets you make hands-free video calls, read, or watch movies, liberate your hands more efficient work.,[Full Body Protection]: The electroplate plating mirror case made of slim thin PC and PU leather, the front, and the back cover is PC, the connecting portion is premium PU leather, providing protection for all corners and sides of your cell phone against bumps and scratches.,[Time display]: The powerful smart mirror time display function is clearly visible. You can easily see the time through the phone case, which is very convenient. All buttons and connections can be easily used.,[Makeup Mirror]: Cell protective phone case cover, can be used as a mirror, make sure your makeup/dress is neat and clean anytime, anywhere. The luxury design for women girls businessmen.]