Funny Dog Mama Life is Ruff Ladies Triblend Dolman Tee-Turquoise-LargeFunny "Dog Mama Life Is Ruff" Ladies Triblend Dolman Tee. This dog mom tee is perfect for every dog lover! This listing is for a 4.3 oz 50/25/25 polyester/combed ringspun cotton/rayon tee. Slightly fitted modern styling. Sizes run smaller than standard fitting; choose sizes accordingly. Variety of colors and a large range of sizes are available.[AMZAZING FIT: This shirt has a great look and cool fit. Whether you’re into pop culture, politics, political humor, patriotic, military, Christian, or funny graphic tees, we have it all! We are constantly evolving and growing to keep up with the ever-changing demand for unique and trendy apparel and accessories. Graphic t shirts are the perfect way to make a statement. T-shirts also make a great gift for friends and family!,QUALITY: We carry a large selection of apparel to suit the needs of the whole family. All of our tshirts are printed in-house by our professional production team. This ensures that you are getting unique, one-of-a-kind design. Our graphic t-shirts are printed in the USA with state-of-the-art equipment to ensure vibrant colors and lasting durability. We have shirts for all occasions – birthdays, Christmas, holidays, Father’s Day, Mother’s Day, anniversary, and seasonal shirts.,GREAT FEEL: Our womens dolman tops are made of 4.3oz., 50% polyester, 25% combed ringspun cotton, 25% rayon jersey. Fabric laundered for reduced shrinkage. Our team is dedicated to staying on trend to bring you the most up to date designs. This makes our shirts the perfect gift for all the special people in your life – wife, mom, daughter, son, father, husband, grandpa, grandma, uncles, aunts, co-workers, and friends.,FAVORITE TEE: Sarcastic, novelty, punny, or slightly offensive, we have something for every type of humor. Our shirts are a great conversation starter that will get you laughs and turn heads. Our selection includes, funny, political, patriotic, military, Christian, pop culture, pet rescue apparel and more. Advocate for your beliefs with our selection of hats, tees, hoodies, sweatshirts, tank tops, dolman tops, tumblers, and more,WOMENS FIT: These ladies dolman tops are pre laundered to keep shrinkage to a minimum. The front of the collar is coverstitched 1 x 1 baby rib-knit. Satin label. Side seamed. Dolmans are cut with flowy sleeves for a relaxed look and fit. Size up for an oversized look.]